hello guys my name is aimbots and in
this view or me kind of lay out the
information for you about the Darth RC
as far as the clan tag goes and also
about the email and submitting your
thing it'll be in the description of the
video all that information everything I
miss will be in the description this
video I'm going to lay out in the video
is kind of what we're looking for what
we're looking for in terms of players is
we're looking for consistency we value
consistency over everything if you
randomly get lucky and hit a six on
screen or quad but you don't really have
a lot of consistent clips you're not
going to get in what we're looking for
is consistency you know constant quad
headshot fee it's also getting Maltese
getting five on screens those type of
clips are a little bit more skillful you
know there is an element of luck there
but not quite as much as someone that
hits a six on screen just a bunch of
quad feeds we are looking for consistent
players and also if you only decide to
only play goes to only play black ops 2
or anything like that we're going to
judge you by how good a player you are
not by the call of duty that you are
playing so you know in general the only
call of duty I would suggest not playing
actually it would be called ad for every
other Call of Duty is open game we're
just you know called it before is just
not something that we want to upload all
or we really want in our team so yeah
that's the only general note I would
kind of have I can't really say exactly
what we're exactly looking for in terms
of the exact clips but I will just say
that we are looking for consistency also
if you're a montage maker and a
commentator that's also a bonus will
also offer an opportunity for you to
submit a commentary and we'll listen to
it if you want to do it over your clips
or you want to do it over one of your
awesome gameplay is like if you get to
30 and oh or like maybe a couple
nuclear's or something like that
something awesome you can do a
commentary over that and also you know
kind of just give yourself like a story
maybe how you got into youtube or how
you got to this point or how you grow
your channel or your past team history
just something that summarizes you up in
that commentary and kind of lets us know
a little bit more about yourself if you
if you choose not to do that we're not
going to hold it against you that's
that's perfectly fine I'm just saying
for the people that do it just it's just
an extra benefit but primarily we are
looking for montage makers also in terms
of editors what we're looking for we're
looking for a variety of stuff if you do
drum and bass edits if you do rock edits
or epic edits you know any anything out
there we're looking for it all we like
to have a variety we're looking for
complex simple whatever the case might
be all the details for editors were
linked for the clips there should be a
variety that stuff by the way will be in
the description if there's anything that
I miss in this video it will be in the
description I know I kind of kept a
short today and also didn't go into
great detail about the next process in
the RC because we are gonna be doing a
couple things differently after you guys
submit them we're going to be having an
additional process after this for you
know the the for the finalists I suppose
you could say also on top of that if you
if you guys appreciate us doing the RC
and this is something just to kind of
give back the fans and get people that
otherwise would not get the opportunity
to join leave a like leave a comment
we're going to watch every single RC and
we really want to give people that
really would not have the opportunity to
join a team otherwise because you know
so much of joining a team is connections
and knowing a certain person we want to
give you guys that otherwise would not
get the opportunity to join a chance to
join so just kind of support us on this
video leave a like favorite if you don't
want to that's fine as well but ya later
guys